Add CPP client table view doc. (#565)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/client-libraries-tableviews.md

sidebar_label: "Work with TableView"
---

````mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
````

After setting up your clients, you can explore more to start working with [TableView](concepts-clients.md#tableview).

## Configure TableView

````mdx-code-block
<Tabs groupId="lang-choice"
defaultValue="Java"
values={[{"label":"Java","value":"Java"},{"label":"C++","value":"C++"}]}>
<TabItem value="Java">

  The following is an example of how to configure a TableView.
  ```java
    TableView<String> tv = client.newTableViewBuilder(Schema.STRING)
    .topic("my-tableview")
    .create()
  ```

>   You can use the available parameters in the `loadConf` configuration or related [API](/api/client/2.10.0-SNAPSHOT/org/apache/pulsar/client/api/TableViewBuilder.html) to customize your TableView.

Reviewer: Suggest 
1) using a variable instead of a fixed version 
2) showing the API name explictly

```suggestion
You can use the available parameters in the `loadConf` configuration or the API [`TableViewBuilder`](/api/client/@pulsar:version_number@/org/apache/pulsar/client/api/TableViewBuilder.html) to customize your TableView.
```

@tisonkun double check: is it correct to use this variable (`@pulsar:version_number@`)? Thanks!

  | Name | Type| Required? |  <div>Description</div> | Default
  |---|---|---|---|---
  | `topic` | string | yes | The topic name of the TableView. | N/A
  | `autoUpdatePartitionInterval` | int | no | The interval to check for newly added partitions. | 60 (seconds)
  | `subscriptionName` | string | no | The subscription name of the TableView. | null

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="C++">

>   This feature is supported in C++ client 3.2.0 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note

This feature is supported in Pulsar 2.8.x and C++ client 3.2.0 or later versions.

:::

```

This feature is not server-independent, do we need to specify the Pulsar version?

Author: No, This feature just implements on the client side.

  ```cpp
  ClientConfiguration clientConfiguration;
  clientConfiguration.setPartititionsUpdateInterval(100);
  Client client("pulsar://localhost:6650", clientConfiguration);
  TableViewConfiguration tableViewConfiguration{schemaInfo, "test-subscription-name"};
  TableView tableView;
  client.createTableView("my-tableview", tableViewConfiguration, tableView)
  ```

>   You can use the available parameters to customize your TableView.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can use the following parameters to customize your TableView.
```

  | Name | Type| Required? |  <div>Description</div> | Default
  |---|---|---|---|---
  | `topic` | string | yes | The topic name of the TableView. | N/A

>   | `schemaInfo` | struct | no | Declare the schema of the data that this TableView can accept. The schema will be checked against the schema of the topic, and the TableView creation will fail if it's incompatible. | N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `schemaInfo` | struct | no | Declare the schema of the data that this TableView can accept. The schema is checked against the schema of the topic, and the TableView creation fails if it's incompatible. | N/A
```
Write in the simple present tense as much as possible if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp

>   | `schemaInfo` | struct | no | Declare the schema of the data that this table view will be accepting. The schema will be checked against the schema of the topic, and the table view creation will fail if it's not compatible. | N/A

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  | `schemaInfo` | struct | no | Declare the schema of the data that this TableView can accept. The schema will be checked against the schema of the topic, and the TableView creation will fail if it's incompatible. | N/A
```

  | `subscriptionName` | string | no | The subscription name of the TableView. | reader-{random string}

>   | `partititionsUpdateInterval` | int | no | Topic partitions update interval in seconds. In **C++ client**, `partititionsUpdateInterval` is global within the same client.  | 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `partititionsUpdateInterval` | int | no | Topic partitions update interval in seconds. In the C++ client, `partititionsUpdateInterval` is global within the same client.  | 60
```
We do not need to emphasize this since it's in the C++ content tab

</TabItem>

</Tabs>
````

## Register listeners

You can register listeners for both existing messages on a topic and new messages coming into the topic by using `forEachAndListen`, and specify to perform operations for all existing messages by using `forEach`.

The following is an example of how to register listeners with TableView.

````mdx-code-block
<Tabs groupId="lang-choice"
defaultValue="Java"
values={[{"label":"Java","value":"Java"},{"label":"C++","value":"C++"}]}>

<TabItem value="Java">

  ```java
  // Register listeners for all existing and incoming messages
  tv.forEachAndListen((key, value) -> /*operations on all existing and incoming messages*/)

>   // Register action for all existing messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Register actions for all existing messages
```

  tv.forEach((key, value) -> /*operations on all existing messages*/)
  ```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="C++">

    ```cpp
    // Register listeners for all existing and incoming messages
    tableView.forEach([](const std::string& key, const std::string& value) {});

>     // Register action for all existing messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Register actions for all existing messages
```

sidebar_label: "Work with TableView"
---

````mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
````

After setting up your clients, you can explore more to start working with [TableView](concepts-clients.md#tableview).

## Configure TableView

````mdx-code-block
<Tabs groupId="lang-choice"
defaultValue="Java"
values={[{"label":"Java","value":"Java"},{"label":"C++","value":"C++"}]}>
<TabItem value="Java">

  The following is an example of how to configure a TableView.
  
  ```java
    TableView<String> tv = client.newTableViewBuilder(Schema.STRING)
    .topic("my-tableview")
    .create()
  ```

> You can use the available parameters in the `loadConf` configuration or the API [`TableViewBuilder`](/api/client/@pulsar:version_number@/org/apache/pulsar/client/api/TableViewBuilder.html) to customize your TableView.

Reviewer: Have you previewed the API link?

Author: oh, sorry. this link is wrong.

<img width="1299" alt="image" src="https://github.com/apache/pulsar-site/assets/33416836/40f9f32d-8c4d-4b16-abe3-3cd78c681fcc">

@tisonkun Can you help take a look?

The original thread is here
https://github.com/apache/pulsar-site/pull/565#discussion_r1189257265

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the available parameters in the `loadConf` configuration or the API [`TableViewBuilder`](/api/client/org/apache/pulsar/client/api/TableViewBuilder.html) to customize your TableView.
```

The replace logic can be found at:

https://github.com/apache/pulsar-site/blob/22081daf8095676f897a0224351e6116d7d0d183/scripts/replace.js#L199

You can run `node scripts/replace.js` to test locally.

Author: Thanks, I test it, and it can work.
